fix(platform): fix types and docs (#19944)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/platform/gitea/index.md

- **Adding reviewers to PRs not supported**: Gitea versions older than v1.14.0 do not have the required API.
- **Setting `platformAutomerge` to use platform-native automerge for PRs not supported**: Gitea versions older than v1.17.0 do not have the required API.

> - **Git upload filters**: On Gitea versions older than v1.17.0 you need to manually enable [clone filters](https://docs.gitea.io/en-us/clone-filters/).

Author: ```suggestion
- **Git upload filters**: On Gitea versions older than v1.16.0 you need to manually enable [clone filters](https://docs.gitea.io/en-us/clone-filters/).
```
Was backported to v1.16.0.

https://github.com/go-gitea/gitea/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#1160---2022-01-30

> - **Git upload filters**: On Gitea versions older than v1.16.0 you need to manually enable [clone filters](https://docs.gitea.io/en-us/clone-filters/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Git upload filters**: If you're using a Gitea version older than `v1.16.0` then you must enable [clone filters](https://docs.gitea.io/en-us/clone-filters/).
```
